Helm-388: Rename Helm in the Helm docs (#653)
OpenNMS/grafana-plugin: docs/modules/ROOT/pages/index.adoc

:imagesdir: ../assets/images

[[welcome-index]]
= {page-component-title} Documentation

:data-uri:
:icons:

[.lead]
Welcome to the {page-component-title} documentation.
Here, you will find information and guides to help you learn about the plugin and start exploring its features.

> Learn how to set up and manage your plugin environment, from installation to creating your first dashboard and using advanced filtering.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Learn how to set up and manage your environment, from installing the plugin to creating your first dashboard and using advanced filtering.
```
